Hello dear friends with you again
circle tv and today we will have a video on
nashorn and necessarily soon
there will be a video on t-34 85 m103 i'm fine
I see that you write in the comments and I
I hope that I have all these cars that you
I will consider it interesting again and I hope
in more detail and so we don’t have a nasher
car that stands on the seventh level
as I remember, and she is very
not bad for this level because
has a gun like a royal tiger
88 centimeters with 4.7 recharge
seconds which is pretty fast though before
it was even faster and acceptable information
in 2.8 seconds this is if you spin a lot
just breaking through with us at the shell pretty
a good 200 odd units
Well, gold 234 and this is enough to
fight all through level nine up
tanks and including any problem in
you with this will not occur one-time damage
400 units gun overall very nice
and because she's definitely pretty fast
comes down put on the principle quite good
one-time damage
problem and rough in the other it is absolutely
does not have booked it open house
30 millimeters forehead hull 20 bead and
food is not suitable absolutely nowhere
here is such a verse 1450 hit points here
which is also not much because
one of you will take 2 buns
if he is lucky and that is certainly not
there is good because you fight off the projectile
not by speed this car is very
not bad but with the first engine she drives
like the last toilet and have to put
top engine
By the way on the last building you can not
waste of experience because it's nothing
actually almost does not give except for 30 extra
hit points
Well, maybe they are superfluous and will not be but all
due to 30 hit points rock the body
the next one is somehow silly little easier
to put
module hitpoint and by the way modulo
what to put to put of course as
always rammer module can be put
on hit points and you can put rammer
fight rammer forgive
I can talk with
After all institution and still drives aiming this
will make your gun even more pleasant in
reversal although in principle you can
do only a rammer and optional
put more and modules at hitpoint and
which will not be superfluous here
you can also put enlightened
optics to see further
because review our early in principle
pretty good here is such a car with
a very nice tool for lack of armor
she is big so put on her
you certainly can’t shoot back
lines to try or surreptitiously in every
case of enemy projectiles for sure
on this unit is not necessary and even you yourself
understand it very very quickly in this
the car is rather weak because of a one-off
damage to waste on it is not an option in
many cars on the seventh level one-time
damage is higher and your armor will not sustain them
hits your number of hit points
not conducive to your
longevity so we shoot from
some kind of shelters or because of their
allies and of course do not forget that
that our dpm team always come in handy
because stand in the bushes and the whole battle is not
worth it if you do not see the enemy too
better to risk and help the team than
then merge last without
allies here is such an interesting
pretty car on it probably can not
all the same show over some cool
results on how far she is
imba but still it is very good
and of course everyone probably has their own
opinion on each unit but personally mine
I do not put a solid 4 and a half
out of 5 points just because all the same
it is difficult to play on in the sense that
There is absolutely no armor and punches
absolutely any
yes, maybe third level and and
will strike yes even the first level and and
will break through here so you have to play
neatly but just get used to it
style of play on such a big bucket
the case here is very similar to the case
from the artillery mount hummel and in
Generally this highway this body so
let's say it was just used with different
guns here we are gun 88 centimeters
also apparently put and howitzer
gun well this is Hummel of course
This is how much a car was called
since I have already repeated it I do not know but
I hope you enjoy it when you
you will pass it but it is not in principle
much worse jagdpanthery and quite a
you might like me too
I hope because I like it in principle
like yes there are drawbacks but u
Any car must have its own
disadvantages and their advantages are here
of course there are, well have you been
crew gt hope this video was
informative all bye bye see you soon
meeting